DOCS-6433 edge metrics (#50)
mulesoft/docs-visualizer: modules/ROOT/pages/visualizer-app-network.adoc

|===
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metric_prefix[Here is a quick review of metric prefixes], but note that, in Anypoint Visualizer, *u* represents micro, rather than *μ*.

> Metrics are also available for connections, or _edges_, in your network. When you select average response time or average throughput, metrics also appear on the related connection. For more information on which metrics are available, see xref:connection-metrics-compatibility.adoc[Supported Connection-Level Metrics].

Reviewer: I would change "metrics also appear on the related connection" to "metrics also appear on applicable connections." Also, what are the best practices for linking to other pages in the docs? I think we can remove the link here and just keep it in the following section.

Author: ```suggestion
Metrics are also available for connections, or _edges_, in your network. When you select average response time or average throughput, metrics also appear on applicable connections. 
```

> Metrics are also available for connections, or _edges_, in your network. When you select average response time or average throughput, metrics also appear on the related connection. For more information on which metrics are available, see xref:connection-metrics-compatibility.adoc[Supported Connection-Level Metrics].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Metrics are also available for connections ( _edges_) in your network. When you select average response time or average throughput, metrics also appear on the related connection. For more information about which metrics are available, see xref:connection-metrics-compatibility.adoc[Supported Connection-Level Metrics].
```
GLOBALLY change "information on" to "information about".

== View Information About a Connection in Your Network

> Depending on if the selected metric is compatible, the canvas will also display metrics on the connections. When you select a connection within the graph, Anypoint Visualizer displays the edge’s metrics details in a card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the selected metric is compatible, the canvas also displays metrics on the connections. When you select a connection within the graph, Anypoint Visualizer displays the edge’s metrics details in a card.
```
